Waiting for responsibility.
Dare to be good at Quang Lang kingdom
Want to rebel?
I'm Minister of Criminal Affairs Liu Van.
Someone reported today.
King of Quang Lang colluded with the Pantheon
The intention to overthrow me Ly Linh Vuong elephant
Unify him for me.
The absurd king, the first blood of some kind of elephant.
Brilliant feat
Loyal.
How could you collude with the Pantheon?
Overturn the elephant
"Do you dare to sin against the king of Quang Lang?"
That's very brave.
Real or fake.
Qin Quang Lang King sent me to Thien Long Son to clarify the waterway.
Take me, I'll see who you dare.
Save Van
Who gave you the liver?
Dare to stop my hand.
The Holy Spirit is truly a great power.
You said I colluded with the Pantheon.
Then I'll ask you where the evidence is.
Evidence
Over here.
What did I tell you?
That day you were like my people, making me kneel down.
Now all of this.
I'll give it all away.